Miss Li is kneeling in the room
It's been like this all this time.
Don't cry, don't make trouble, don't come out
Hmm, I know what will happen to you
Talk to him again
This can't be learned completely
What's wrong? It used to snow. Now it does.
I only hope that you will
To live a simple and happy life
Ah, I really miss you
I leave you and you don't
You drink water
If you had been so obedient earlier
Why should I get hurt?
Mr. Hu, if you wish
Can always be like this
I have lunch tomorrow
You're coming with me?
Oh, I see.
Don't you think it's strange?
I didn't keep saying I was going to lock you up
I'll tell you what.
I let the dog take it
The dog must be brought
I let the dog out and the dog has to go out too
Do you understand?
Oh, I see.
I'll go in first
Come back in later. Okay.
Nini is me
Chen Ke, why are you here?